In fact, 2 Corinthians 4 verse 7 says he can even give you power beyond what is normal.
Time and time again, Jehovah has proved that no obstacle is too great for his spirit to overcome.
To illustrate that point, you will enjoy the following interview that was recorded 15 years ago
with Nancy Yun, a faithful sister who spent two decades in prisons and labor camps in China.
During her detention, sister Yun was separated from her family and put under constant pressure to
renounce her faith. I turned to a communism. A period of time I was really very progressive.
I almost joined the guerrillas, but my mother started me and then I was married in 1945,
just raised my children. So, before I got to, actually, I was half Protestant, half Communist.
And then, when I had two children already, steady Jones first, Jehovah's Witness came to visit me.
After I was arrested and separated from my family, and my husband went to Hong Kong for his
business, 1953. So, my four children were very young, 10, 7, 4, 2, 14, 3. My mother,
she took care of my children when I was arrested. And I had such a little housewife, very easy to
overtake me. So, he appeared very loving, and he said, do you know why we arrest you?
Just because we love you, we wish to save you. Do you know you are deceived by these two impurities?
Means, tenetons and hurricane. That's why today you became a criminal, separated from your family.
But we know you are innocent. So, if you admit you were deceived, never mind, we can forgive you,
can this do you? Even let you go to Hong Kong, reunite with your husband. What a temptation,
because I applied seven times to go to Hong Kong, but they did not permit me. But I knew clearly,
if I say, oh yes, I was deceived. And next step, you have to betray your God and
betray your brothers. How could I do that? So, the strong man came and handcuffed me at the back.
And I couldn't sleep in night. So, I tried, because I learned dance when I was a doger.
My body is solved. I tried to move the handcuff into a friend of me. I could sleep there.
So, seven days passed, I was still so happy. So, that day, the men, they came open the door,
stand up. They found my hand, get a friend of me. How can you? I thought I was wrong.
So, before I demonstrate and put my hand back, they were angry with me. So, they moved that to my
app. Or then I really couldn't sleep. Swallow, and I prayed to Jehovah, you know, I'm willing to
die for your namesake. If you're aware, I have to be paralyzed. I'm willing, but tell me you're
aware. And Jehovah showed me Roman 13-1 and 2. No authority is not from Jehovah. So, I have to
show submissive the relative day of the authority app. So, 10 days later, I said, here,
here, seven days, here, three days, I said, my attitude was wrong. That's why they took off.
She already said, where's wrong? Almost paralyzed. You can see my scarced ear here, after 42 years,
both sides. That's why I was handcuffed. Not my human. I'm not a superhuman, even though my spirit
was wrong, but my flesh is weak. I cry a lot, and I prayed. And Jehovah gave me scriptures,
like first people, five, six, and seven. Help me a lot. She hammer yourself and let the mighty
hand of God into your time here, exalt you through all your anxiety. Upon God, He cares for you.
Oh, those scriptures really comforted me. And I had freedom. I continued when I was, so from
17 to 74, I went as to more than 100 people from nine provinces and resorted my second arresting.
So, he pushed me to a very large room, full of four soldiers and policemen, and only arrested
one person. It's me. So, this high officer, like the left side of me, he announced this criminal
belongs to a spy agency of American impurities named Jehovah's Witnesses.
I was so happy because I'm nothing because of my death. Jehovah's name will be known to the city,
because they never heard of Jehovah's name. So, I was so happy. I was sentenced to ten years
because they said she's the most stubborn person in our country. When I read Hebrew 11 about the ancient
faithful servants of God, see how they suffered torture. I thought, oh, it's only belonged to the
ancient time. How can we endure like that? But it happened to modern time and it happened to us,
to me. I felt as a privilege Jehovah put a modern witness at the same position as the ancient
faithful witnesses. I felt so privileged to do that. So, modern witnesses in Germany,
see, they became my good examples. I said, I want to follow them. Now, I was waiting for them to
sentence me to death, but nothing happened. It came to 1978, November 1st morning, and the
guide came and let me go follow him to the office. As me to sign my name, say you are released.
And on 27th of January, my husband took me to Hong Kong and reunite with my family.
So, after I was released, I could see Jehovah's salvation. I want to repay his kindness. I tried
to find where his kingdom hall, where his watch tower branch after I happened, okay, 14 days later,
and means in February 15th, my son said, mommy, you are to find watch tower branch. I said, yes,
please, and it led me as the telephone company. And he got a number and brother again,
where was on the phone. So, my son said, my mother wants to meet you. Who is your mother?
Nancy Yuan. Oh, Nancy, she's in China. She's in the prison. We don't know whether she's still alive or
not. My son said, no, she's here. So, ask her come. So, I went to Bethel, and after 23 years,
I found it back to my mother and met my brothers sisters. I'm so happy and my tears.
So, I cried a long, long time, and they interviewed me. So, my article was published at July 15th,
for 79. I'm very ignored and very incapable. Just like I said, I said, just a little dirt,
because I'm nothing. Not only we go to all meetings, or we go to fearsome, or I can't
have harmony by best study. No, that's not enough. You have to work hard on your spiritual
work, because a long, long time, all my freedom had been taken away. And physically, I couldn't do
anything, but my spiritual work, the inner work, I have a full freedom.
Jehovah God's universal sovereignty, not yet vindicated. So, I pray to Jehovah, I'm still in the
prison of the old system of things. I never forget this. Until the day, the great day of Jehovah,
then Jehovah will vindicate his universal sovereignty and his divine name.
Keep this in my mind. So, anything I face, Jehovah, for your namesake, please help me.